WEBVTT
Kind: captions
Language: en


Good afternoon. I'd like to welcome the thousands
of you from governments around the world,


NGOs, public and private organizations, and
elsewhere, who are taking part in the third


biennial International Family Planning Conference.
I'm really sorry that I couldn't be with you


in person in Addis Ababa, but I want to tell
you that, as both the U.S. Secretary of State


and the father of two extraordinary young
women, I am exceedingly grateful for your


hard work and dedication to this cause. Millions
of women, men, and children have better lives


today thanks to the work that many of you
have done for decades.


In 1994, when I was a U.S. Senator, I attended
the historic International Conference on Population


and Development. What was clear back then
is still clear today: that challenges like


reproductive health care and family planning
are bigger than the political boxes that some


try to force them into. These are basic human
necessities that hundreds of millions of women


are forced to go without. For some, it's because
they can't afford or don't have access to


these services. For others, it's because their
husbands or their communities simply don't


support their use.


That's why the United States and our partners
must continue our life-saving work to advocate


for sexual health and reproductive rights.
That includes universal access to voluntary


family planning. At that population and development
conference nearly two decades ago, we set


a goal of ensuring universal access to reproductive
health care by 2015. We've made enormous,


really significant progress in the time since,
but if we're going to meet that objective


- the same objective outlined in the Millennium
Development Goals - we'll all need to redouble


our commitment to women and girls.


We'll need to continue investing in effective
programs like the United Nations Population


Fund and the State Department's Global Health
Initiative.


And we'll need to find new ways to remind
people that when women and girls are better


able to stay healthy and pursue new opportunities,
they are also better able to contribute to


the success of their families, their communities,
their countries and the world. The fact is,


when women and girls thrive, so do the people
around them.


On behalf of the entire U.S. State Department,
I look forward to hearing what comes out of


this important conference, and I look forward
to working together to bring about a healthier


and more prosperous future for families from
Addis to Adelaide, and everywhere in between.


Thank you for the work you're doing, and I
hope you have a great meeting.

